# v0.5.0

Gatekeeper Policy Manager version 0.5.0

## Changes from v0.4.2

- Added support for multicluster management, just mount a kubeconfig with the contexts defined and you'll be able to select them from the UI, see [the README](/README.md#Multi-cluster-support) for more info.
- Added report generation for constraints violations.
- Added an official Helm Chart to the repo (thanks @kg-ops for the contribution! #68).
- Changed base docker image (python + uwscgi + nginx) for a simpler one (python + gunicron), dropping the need to run as root.
- Added listing all the Constraints for each Constraint Template
- Source code quality improvements.
- We've reviewed all the dependencies, updated the ones that needed to be updated, dropped some of them that were not used anymore and we also divided the `requirements.txt` file into 3:
  - `requirements-base.txt`: this file has the base dependencies needed by GPM.
  - `requirements-dev.txt`: this file has the dependencies needed to set up a development environment.
  - `requirements.txt`: this file has all the base dependencies and their dependencies with the versions pinned.

### Bugfixes

- Fixed a bug in the way ConstraintTemplates' Parameters Schema was shown when having a property that itself has more than one property. Properties will appear more than once inside other properties.

### Updated dependencies

- astroid (dropped)
- certifi 2020.12.5 -> 2021.5.30
- cffi 1.14.5 -> 1.14.6
- chardet (dropped)
- click 7.1.2 -> 8.0.1
- Flask 1.1.2 -> 2.0.1
- google-auth 1.30.0 -> 2.0.0
- gunicorn 20.1.0 (new)
- idna (dropped)
- importlib-metadata (dropped)
- importlib-resources 5.1.2 -> 5.2.2
- isort (dropped)
- itsdangerous 1.1.0 -> 2.0.1
- Jinja2 2.11.3 -> 3.0.1
- kubernetes 12.0.1 -> 18.20.0
- lazy-object-proxy (dropped)
- MarkupSafe 1.1.1 -> 2.0.1
- mccabe (dropped)
- oauthlib 3.1.0 -> 3.1.1
- oic 1.2.1 -> 1.3.0
- python-dateutil 2.8.1 -> 2.8.2
- requests 2.25.1 -> 2.26.0
- six 1.15.0 -> 1.16.0
- typed-ast (dropped)
- typing-extensions 3.7.4.3 -> 3.10.0.0
- urllib3 1.26.4 -> 1.26.6
- websocket-client 0.58.0 -> 1.2.1
- Werkzeug 1.0.1 -> 2.0.1
- wrapt (dropped)
- zipp 3.4.1 -> 3.5.0

### Breaking changes

No breaking changes.
